Welcome back now I'm not going to go over all of our steps that we used in the section where we talked
about how to solve problems and how to talk through your problems in front of an interviewer.
And we even watched Die google video of all the things you need to do because that's going to take way
too long of a time.
I'm going to speed things up and just talk about the key points of how you would solve this problem.
Well in order to reverse a string the first thing we want to do is some sort of check of our implant.
We can't just assume that we're going to always receive a string What if somebody calls the reverse
function with well undefined or with a number.
What happens then.
And a good thing to always start off with is to check the input.
In my case I'm going to do a simple check.
Let's say that if there's no string.
So that is undefined or perhaps that the string dot length is less than 2.
That means well if string length is less than 2 that means I'm just receiving one letter or no letters
in which case we don't really need to do any operations.
It's already kind of reversed.
And we can add different input validation here such as using the type of keyword in javascript to check
if it's a string type.
But that's something you can just do on your own.
Actually let's implement it since we're here anyway just to show you.
So I can say type of string if it doesn't equal string type of SDR which is the parameter we receive
as an equal the string type.
Well in that case we can just return.
That's not good
otherwise let's do some operation to reverse the string.
Well let's think about this.
We want to convert it into an array.
So I'm going to create a backwards array and this is what we are going to return from the function.
I'm going to return the array that is reversed but we want to return a string right.
It reverses a string.
This should return a string.
Even though we're going to convert whatever we receive into an array at the end we want to turn it back
into a string.
So in javascript we can do the two string method or the joint method and we just say join all the items
in the array.
Now in here we're going to grab the lenth of the array or the string because we're going to be using
it a lot and we don't want to have repeated code.
So I'm going to say lenth minus one is how many items we have in the string.
Or maybe we should name this items
or actually total items.
A better name.
Now these total items.
So we're going to loop through our string will say let.
He calls to the total items.
So I is going to equal however many characters we have in our string and we're going to keep going until
I is equals to zero.
And all we're going to do because we want to go from back to front.
We're going to document this.
So we're going to go from the length of the string all the way back so we're going to start off with
I C R D and A and insert those into an array that we've created the backwards array one by one.
So in this loop all we're going to do is say backwards don't push each item that we're going to create.
So SDR
and I know what you're thinking.
Well well why don't we just convert the string into an array.
You told me all about converting strings into an array and we didn't really do that.
And javascript actually has the SDR dot split or we can run the split command to split things into an
array but with javascript we can actually just use strings as arrays and access each property like this
with Braque and notation so that the essentially our arrays.
So we don't have to run any split commands.
This also works and all we're doing is we're going backwards one by one and pushing each item of our
given string into our array.
So if I console log here before we run the joint command the backwards array and Iran reverse
and let's reverse the string
let's run this.
And you may have noticed that this lenth didn't really come from anywhere it should be total items.
So this is the total whoops total items.
This is the problem with life coding.
I tried to show that everybody makes mistakes even myself and it's good because this way you think through
the problem and these total items remember we want to keep going as long as I is greater than or equal
to zero.
So if I now run this hey look at that we have an array with all of our backwards items right in here.
And you see here that the return value that we get is the backwards string that we receive because we
joined it at the end.
Very cool.
I hope you got that answer.
Or maybe have a better answer than me because what I did hear is not necessarily the cleanest way and
depending on which programming language you use you might have built in methods that simplified the
step.
Let me show you what I mean.
In javascript for example we can use some built in methods that come with the race to just simplify
this whole thing and make our code a lot more readable.
Let's create a new function and I'm going to call this
reverse too and this reverse stew is going to once again receive some sort of an input.
I won't do any input validation for this one.
You can just assume that we can just copy and paste it here.
But in here we can do a simple return statement.
Grab the string run the split command because this time around we're not going to access the eye like
we did up here.
We're going to convert it into an array so that we can use a built in method that comes in javascript
arrays called reverse and this reverse does.
While we just did.
Here for us and now we just joined it at the end.
So by using a built in method called reverse I avoided all this work.
How nice is that.
Let's see if that works.
I'm going to say reverse to going to run and look at that.
It's still working.
What about another solution.
Again many different ways.
And let's say the interviewer says is there a more modern cleaner way that you can make this function
and because in javascript there is the new iOS 6 syntax.
You can even create a one line function call it reverse three that's going to take a string and it's
going to do string dot split.
And again do the exact same thing using every function this time around.
And this should still work the exact same look at that.
And if you want to get fancy you can again use a new feature of javascript which is destructuring or
not destructuring this is the spread operator.
If I run this we no longer need the split.
I can run this and I get the same thing.
Again I just want to demonstrate to you that there are many different ways to solve a problem and an
interviewer is not going to reject you for a job just because you implemented it this way versus this
way.
It depends on how you deliver your solution.
And this is something that we talked about in our how to solve problems section how you want to talk
through the problem explain to the interviewer why you did.
And as long as you understand the pros and cons of each solution that's what makes a great engineer.
I'll see in the next one.